---
layout: ""
page_title: "Agent Search Data Source"
description: |-
---

# syntropystack_agent_search ( Data Source )

Datasource retrieves Syntropy agent data list. For more information about agent data can be found [here](https://docs.syntropystack.com/reference/agent-object).

## Example Usage
 ```terraform
data "syntropystack_agent_search" "agent_1" {
  take = 1
  filter = {
    type             = ["LINUX"]
    location_country = ["US", "UK"]
  }
}

data "syntropystack_agent_search" "agent_2" {
  take = 1
  filter = {
    type   = ["LINUX"]
    status = ["CONNECTED"]
  }
}
```

 <!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Attributes) Syntropy agent search filter (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `search` (String) Agent name pattern. This will be used to filter out agent names that doesn't have specified patter
- `skip` (Number) Number of items to skip
- `take` (Number) Number of items to take

### Read-Only

- `agents` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--agents))

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `id` (Set of Number) Filter by agent ID
- `location_country` (Set of String) Filter by agent location country
- `modified_at_from` (String) Filter by agent modified at from date
- `modified_at_to` (String) Filter by agent modified at to date
- `name` (String) Filter by agent modified at to date
- `provider_id` (Set of Number) Filter by agent provider ID
- `status` (Set of String) Filter by agent status
- `tag_id` (Set of Number) Filter by agent tag ID
- `tag_name` (Set of String) Filter by agent tag name
- `type` (Set of String) Filter by agent type
- `version` (Set of String) Filter by agent version


<a id="nestedatt--agents"></a>
### Nested Schema for `agents`

Read-Only:

- `device_id` (String) A unique agent identifier. Usually machine id or other unique UUID with a workspace id prefix (to scope this agent to workspace).
- `id` (Number) Unique identifier for the agent
- `is_online` (Boolean) Current status of the agent.
- `is_virtual` (Boolean) Indicates if it's a virtual agent.
- `location_city` (String) City, where your agent is based
- `location_country` (String) Agent's location country two-letter code.
- `modified_at` (String) Date and time when this agent was modified. Formatted as an ISO 8601 date time string.
- `name` (String) Name of the agent as it appears in Platform UI
- `provider` (Attributes) Returns provider of agent's endpoint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--agents--provider))
- `public_ipv4` (String) IP address of the agent in IPv4 format
- `status` (String) Current status of the agent.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Agent specific words that can help you to create some rules around specific tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--agents--tags))
- `type` (String) Possible types: LINUX, MACOS, WINDOWS, VIRTUAL
- `version` (String) Version of the agent.

<a id="nestedatt--agents--provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `agents.provider`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) Agent provider id
- `name` (String) Agent provider name


<a id="nestedatt--agents--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `agents.tags`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) Agent tag id
- `name` (String) Agent tag name



